c_anthemofhope_name=Umudun Marşı
c_badaugury_name=Kötü Alamet
c_baptism_name=Vaftiz
c_barrier_name=Bariyer
c_benediction_name=Kutsama
c_bindingheal_name=Bağlayıcı Şifa
c_blackhole_name=Kara Delik
c_blackkarma_name=Kara Talih
c_bulkheal_name=Bulk Heal ***
c_celestialbrillance_name=Semavi Görkem ***
c_celestialbrillancem_name=Semavi Görkem
c_chainheal_name=Zincirleme Şifa
c_circleofhealing_name=Şifa Çemberi
c_clairvoyance_name=Sağgörü
c_clarity_name=Berraklık
c_condemnation_name=Beddua
c_crescentlight_name=Hilal Işığı
c_curativetherapy_name=Şifalı Terapi
c_darkoutbreak_name=Karanlık Salgın
c_dawnlight_name=Şafak Işığı
c_deathsreach_name=Ölümün Kıyısında
c_delayresponse_name=Geciktirmeli Müdahale
c_demonictutor_name=Şeytani Asistan
c_desperateplayer_name=Çaresiz Dua
c_detoxify_name=Detoksifikasyon
c_dilute_name=Seyrelt
c_dispelmagic_name=Büyü Bozan
c_divineinsight_name=İlahi Görüş
c_divineire_name=İlahi Öfke
c_divinepower_name=İlahi Güç
c_enervate_name=Zayıflat
c_expectedprophecy_name=Beklenen Kehanet
c_fade_name=Soluklaş
c_fanaticism_name=Düşkünlük
c_flash_name=Işıltı
c_flashheal_name=Işıltılı Şifa
c_foresight_name=Öngörü
c_fortunetelling_name=Falcılık
c_greaterheal_name=Olağanüstü Şifa
c_guardianangel_name=Koruyucu Melek
c_hallucination_name=Halüsinasyon
c_heal_name=Şifa
c_healingrain_name=Şifalı Yağmur
c_heavenlyblessing_name=İlahi Lütuf
c_heavenlyblessingm_name=İlahi Lütuf
c_holyaegis_name=Kutsal Patlama
c_holyblast_name=Kutsal Darbe
c_holyfire_name=Kutsal Ateş
c_holynova_name=Kutsal Nova
c_holyripple_name=Kutsal Dalgalanma
c_holysmite_name=Kutsal Vuruş
c_holystorm_name=Kutsal Fırtına
c_infusecourage_name=Aşılanmış Cesaret
c_innerfire_name=Dahili Ateş
c_innervate_name=Canlandırma ***	
c_lastdawn_name=Son Şafak
c_massdispel_name=Kitlesel Etkisizleştirme ***
c_meditate_name=Meditasyon
c_mentalshake_name=Mental Sarsıntı
c_mesmericmirage_name=Mistik Serap
c_mindblast_name=Zihin Patlatan
c_mindtwist_name=Zihin Büken
c_mindvisions_name=Zihinsel Görüş
c_omenofperil_name=Felaket Habercisi
c_painsupresion_name=Acı Baskılayıcı ***
c_panacea_name=Her Derde Deva
c_pandemonium_name=Kıyamet
c_penance_name=Kefaret
c_prayerofhealing_name=Şifa Duası
c_prayerofprotection_name=Koruma Duası
c_prescription_name=Reçete
c_profane_name=Kafir
c_protectfromevil_name=Şeytanın Şerrinden Koru
c_pulsingheal_name=Atışkan Şifa
c_purgingray_name=Arındırıcı Işın
c_radiantassault_name=Işıldayan Hücum
c_rayofhope_name=Umut Işığı
c_renew_name=Renew ***
c_ruinbolt_name=Yıkıcı Yıldırım
c_sacredbolt_name=Kutsal Yıldırım
c_sacredceremony_name=Kutsal Seremoni
c_sanctification_name=Takdis
c_sanctuary_name=Harim
c_saveitforlater_name=Daha Sonraya Sakla
c_scry_name=Scry ***
c_shadowmend_name=Karanlık Düzen
c_shieldofwarding_name=Tedbir Kalkanı
c_shiningforce_name=Parıldayan Güç
c_sparkoflife_name=Yaşam Kıvılcımı
c_spectralmissiles_name=Spektral Atışlar
c_sunbeam_name=Güneş Işını
c_tabularasa_name=Tabula Rasa
c_temporalchains_name=Geçici Zincirler
c_terrorize_name=Kasıp Kavur
c_unholystorm_name=Lanetli Fırtına
c_vampirictouch_name=Vampirimsi Dokunuş
c_vilegas_name=Berbat Gaz
c_vilelance_name=Hain Mızrak
c_vitalize_name=Yaşat
c_yinyangbolt_name=Yin Yang Yıldırımı
c_arenachampion_name=Arena Şampiyonu
c_brokenbone_name=Kırık Kemik
c_catharsis_name=Arınma
c_childofthestorm_name=Fırtınanın Çocuğu
c_coldfeet_name=Soğuk Ayaklar
c_custodian_name=Koruyucu
c_darkmiasma_name=Karanlık Miazma
c_deathsdoor_name=Ölümün Eşiği
c_dislocatedjaw_name=Çıkık Çene
c_electroshock_name=Elektro Şok
c_enlightened_name=Aydınlanış
c_friendlytadpole_name=Dost Canlısı İribaş
c_frightened_name=Dehşete Kapılma
c_heatsurge_name=Sıcaklık Yükselişi
c_honorable_name=Şeref Ödülü
c_itchyburn_name=Kaşındırıcı Yanık
c_lowselfesteem_name=Özgüvensizlik
c_meltedplating_name=Erimiş Zırh
c_merciful_name=Affedici
c_merciless_name=Acımasız
c_openwound_name=Açık Yara
c_owlblessing_name=Baykuş Kutsaması
c_panicscream_name=Panikli Çığırış
c_poisoned_name=Zehir
c_severeburn_name=Şiddetli Yanık
c_success_name=Başarılı
c_takecover_name=Siper Al
c_trustwhorty_name=Güven veren
c_untrustwhorty_name=Güven Vermeyen
c_voidmemory_name=Kayıp Anı
c_wellfed_name=Afiyet
c_acolytetunic_name=Mürit Elbisesi
c_advancedhandbook_name=İleri Düzey El Kitabı
c_agateamulet_name=Kantaşı Tılsımı
c_allseeingamulet_name=All-Kantaşını gör
c_amberamulet_name=Kehribar Tılsım
c_amethystring_name=Ametist Yüzük
c_amuletofprotection_name=Koruma Tılsımı
c_amuletofspeed_name=Hız Tılsımı
c_amuletofthorns_name=Dikenli Tılsım
c_ankhoflife_name=Yaşamın Ankh'ı
c_antiquefigurine_name=Antik Figür
c_aquamarinebracelet_name=Akuamarin Bileklik
c_archmagebook_name=Başbüyücü Kitab
c_assassintools_name=Suikastçı Aletleri
c_avoidancecollar_name=Kaçınma Kolyesi
c_bandages_name=Bandajlar
c_bastion_name=Tabya
c_battleaxe_name=Savaş Baltası
c_bell_name=Çan
c_belphyorpipe_name=Belphyor'un Piposu
c_berserkerclaw_name=Çevik Pençe
c_berserkpotion_name=Hiddet İksiri
c_blackguard_name=Kara Koruyucu
c_blooddguard_name=Kızıl Koruyucu
c_bloodseeker_name=Kan Avcısı
c_bloodstone_name=Kan Taşı
c_boneclaws_name=Kemikten Pençeler
c_bonering_name=Kemik Yüzük
c_bonkhammer_name=Bonk Çekici
c_bootsofswiftness_name=Sürat Çizmeleri
c_brassamulet_name=Bando Kolyesi
c_breastplate_name=Göğüs Zırhı
c_brigandarmor_name=Eşkiya Zırhı
c_brokenitem_name=Kırık Eşya
c_bucket_name=Kova
c_burneditem_name=Yanmış Eşya
c_burningorb_name=Yakıcı Küre
c_butchersknife_name=Kasap Bıçağı
c_chaliceofkings_name=Kralların Kadehi
c_chargedtrident_name=Yıldırım Mızrağı
c_cheese_name=Peynir
c_clairvoyantscroll_name=Kâhin Parşömeni
c_clergyamulet_name=Ruhban Tılsımı
c_cloackofevasion_name=Kaçış Pelerini
c_cloackofspeed_name=Hız Pelerini
c_cloudsong_name=Bulutların Şarkısı
c_club_name=Sopa
c_coldbook_name=Serin Kitap
c_combatbandages_name=Savaş Bandajları
c_continuumblade_name=Devamlılık Kılıcı
c_coolingservos_name=Soğutma Servosu
c_armageddon_name=Mahşer Günü
c_backlash_name=Ters Tepki
c_burningweapons_name=Yakan Silahlar
c_empower_name=Güçlendirme
c_fungaloutbreak_name=Mantar Salgını
c_heavyweaponry_name=Ağır Silahlar
c_hexproof_name=Büyü Geçirmez
c_hypotermia_name=Hipotermi
c_ironclad_name=Demirle Kaplı
c_melancholy_name=Hüzün
c_noxiousparasites_name=Zararlı Parazitler
c_pacifism_name=Pasifizm
c_poisonfields_name=Zehir Tarlaları
c_putrefaction_name=Çürüme
c_resurrection_name=Diriliş
c_revenge_name=İntikam
c_sacredground_name=Kutsal Toprak
c_subzero_name=Sıfırın Altında
c_thornproliferation_name=Diken Yayılımı
c_thunderstorm_name=Gökgürültülü Fırtına
c_upwind_name=Rüzgara Karşı
c_vigorous_name=Dinç
c_windsofamnesia_name=Unutkanlık Seli
c_crankcrossbow_name=Yaylı Arbalet
c_crossbow_name=Arbalet
c_crusaderhelmet_name=Haçlı Kaskı
c_crystalball_name=Kristal Küre
c_cupofdeath_name=Ölüm Kupası
c_curseddagger_name=Lanetli Hançer
c_cursedjewelersring_name=Lanetli Mücevheratçı Yüzüğü
c_dagger_name=Hançer
c_darkhood_name=Karanlık Kapüşon
c_dartpouch_name=Dart Çantası
c_destiny_name=Kader
c_destroyergauntlets_name=Yıkıcı Eldivenler
c_detoxpotion_name=Detoks İksiri
c_diamondring_name=Pırlanta Yüzük
c_dirtybandages_name=Kirli Bandajlar
c_divinationorb_name=Kehanet Küresi
c_dreamcatcher_name=Düş Kapanı
c_dreamsphere_name=Rüya Küresi
c_druidicamulet_name=Druidik Tılsım
c_dryadmask_name=Dryad Maskesi
c_edgeoffury_name=Öfkenin Eşiği
c_eeriering_name=Ürkütücü Yüzük
c_elvenquiver_name=Elf Sadağı
c_emeraldnecklace_name=Zümrüt Kolye
c_emeraldstaff_name=Zümrüt Asa
c_endlessbag_name=Uçsuz Bucaksız Çanta
c_eternalcandle_name=Ebedi Mum
c_faithring_name=İnanç Yüzüğü
c_familyjewels_name=Aile Mücevheri
c_ferventring_name=Hararetli Yüzük
c_fierywand_name=Kızgın Asa
c_firebook_name=Ateş Kitabı
c_firerune_name=Ateş Rünü
c_fishingrod_name=Olta
c_flail_name=Zincirli Gürz
c_flamingsword_name=Alevli Kılıç
c_flute_name=Flüt
c_forestbanner_name=Orman Flaması
c_forestcrown_name=Orman Tacı
c_fountainpen_name=Dolma Kalem
c_fourleafclover_name=Dört Yapraklı Yonca
c_frostfirering_name=Ayaz Ateşi Yüzüğü
c_frostguard_name=Ayaz Koruması
c_frozenorb_name=Donmuş Küre
c_garnetearrings_name=Lal Küpeler
c_gauntlets_name=Zırh Eldivenleri
c_gihlrunestone_name=Gihl Rüntaşı
c_glacialhammer_name=Buzul Çekiç
c_gladiatorhelmet_name=Gladyatör Kaskı
c_gloves_name=Eldivenler
c_glovesofagility_name=Çeviklik Eldivenleri
c_goblinamulet_name=Goblin Tılsımı
c_goggles_name=Gözlük
c_goldchain_name=Altın Zincir
c_goldenbell_name=Altın Çan
c_goldenchalice_name=Altın Kadeh
c_goldencloak_name=Altın Pelerin
c_goldencross_name=Altın Haç
c_goldenharp_name=Altın Arp
c_goldenlaurel_name=Altın Defne
c_goldring_name=Altın Yüzük
c_greaterhealthpotion_name=Büyük Sağlık İksiri
c_greatermanapotion_name=Büyük Enerji İksiri
c_handbook_name=El Kitabı
c_healingbook_name=Şifa Kitabı
c_healthpotion_name=Sağlık İksiri
c_heartamulet_name=Sağlık Tılsımı
c_heartofthorns_name=Dikenlerin Kalbi
c_heavybelt_name=Ağır Kemer
c_heavypackage_name=Ağır Paket
c_hellblade_name=Cehennem Bıçağı
c_helmet_name=Kask
c_hightchancellorstaff_name=Yüksek Şansölye Asası
c_holybook_name=Kutsal Kitap
c_holygrail_name=Kutsal Kase
c_holyhammer_name=Kutsal Çekiç
c_hornethelmet_name=Boynuzlu Miğfer
c_hourglassofdeath_name=Ölümün Kum Saati
c_huntingring_name=Av Yüzüğü
c_hydraegg_name=Hydra Yumurtası
c_hypnoshell_name=Hypno Shell ***
c_icywand_name=Buzlu Asa
c_ignidohscore_name=Ignidoh'un Özü
c_igniscloack_name=Ignis Pelerini
c_impstatuette_name=Imp Heykelciği
c_ironfortress_name=Demir Hisar
c_ironkanabo_name=Demir Kanabō
c_ironwand_name=Demir Asa
c_jadering_name=Yeşim Yüzük
c_jewelersring_name=Mücevheratçı Yüzüğü
c_jinglebell_name=Jingle Bell
c_justicarring_name=Adalet Yüzüğü
c_kingmaker_name=Şah yapan
c_kiteshield_name=İzolatör Kalkan
c_lapisnecklace_name=Lapis Kolye
c_largepouch_name=Büyük Kese
c_largeshield_name=Oyuk Kalkan
c_lavacrystal_name=Lav Kristali
c_lavaorb_name=Lav Küresi
c_leatherarmor_name=Deri Zırh
c_leatherboots_name=Deri Botlar
c_leathergloves_name=Deri Eldivenler
c_lifeessence_name=Yaşam Taşı
c_lightbringer_name=Işık Getiren
c_lightningbook_name=Yıldırım Kitabı
c_lightningspear_name=Yıldırım Mızrağı
c_lockpicks_name=Maymuncuklar
c_longbow_name=Uzun Yay
c_luckypaw_name=Uğurlu Pati
c_madnessring_name=Delirten Yüzük
c_magictome_name=Büyülü Kitap
c_magusstaff_name=Büyücü Asası
c_manaloop_name=Mana Döngüsü
c_manapotion_name=Mana İksiri
c_matriarchsclaw_name=Matriarch'ın Pençesi
c_merchantbadge_name=Tüccar Rozeti
c_mindbook_name=Zihin Kitabı
c_minotaurhorn_name=Minotor Boynuzu
c_mirrorofkalandra_name=Kassandra'nın Aynası
c_mnemrunestone_name=Mnem Rüntaşı
c_morningstar_name=Sabah Yıldızı
c_mountainking_name=Kral Dağı
c_mysticstaff_name=Mistik Asa
c_netherblade_name=Netherblade ***
c_nightveil_name=Gece Pelerini
c_ninjascroll_name=Ninja Parşömeni
c_nobleshield_name=Soylu Kalkanı
c_nullifier_name=Etkisizleştirici
c_obsidiandagger_name=Obsidyen Hançer
c_oldhorseshoe_name=Eski At Nalı
c_onyxamulet_name=Oniks Tılsım
c_opalring_name=Opal Yüzük
c_orbofstorms_name=Fırtına Küresi
c_pandorasbox_name=Pandora'nın Kutusu
c_ancientorb_name=Kadim Küre
c_asmody_name=Asmody
c_betty_name=Betty
c_bunny_name=Bunny
c_champy_name=Champy
c_chompy_name=Chompy
c_chumpy_name=Chumpy
c_daley_name=Daley
c_flamy_name=Flamy
c_harley_name=Harley
c_liante_name=Lianty
c_mozzy_name=Mozzy
c_oculy_name=Oculy
c_orby_name=Orby
c_sharpy_name=Sharpy
c_slimy_name=Slimy
c_stormy_name=Stormy
c_tombstone_name=Tombstone ***
c_piggybank_name=Domuzcuk Kumbarası
c_piousring_name=Dindarlık Yüzüğü
c_platemail_name=Ağır Zırh
c_platinumring_name=Platin Yüzük
c_pointyhat_name=Sivri Şapka
c_poisoneddagger_name=Zehirli Hançer
c_powercoil_name=Güç Bobini
c_powerglove_name=Güç Eldiveni
c_primalnecklace_name=İlkel Kolye
c_prophetstaff_name=Kahinin Asası
c_pyromancerrobe_name=Ateşbaz Cübbesi
c_quill_name=Teleke
c_raggeddoll_name=Bez Bebek
c_raiderslicer_name=Baskıncı Kıyıcı
c_raincoat_name=Yağmurluk
c_rangerarmor_name=Kolcu Zırhı
c_ravenstaff_name=Kuzgun Asası
c_razor_name=Jilet
c_redcape_name=Kırmızı Pelerin
c_redsteelcloack_name=Kırmızı Çelik Pelerin
c_reforgedcore_name=Güçlendirilmiş Çekirdek
c_reinforcedarmor_name=Güçlendirilmiş Zırh
c_rejuvenationpotion_name=Yenileyici İksir
c_retaliator_name=Geri Teptiren
c_ringoffire_name=Ateş Yüzüğü
c_ringofhope_name=Umut Yüzüğü
c_ringofprotection_name=Koruma Yüzüğü
c_roundshield_name=Yuvarlak Kalkan
c_royalcoin_name=Kraliyet Parası
c_rubyamulet_name=Yakut Tılsımı
c_rubycuirass_name=Yakut Zırh
c_runicdice_name=Rünik Zar
c_rustyarmor_name=Paslı Zırh
c_sacredtablet_name=Kutsal Tablet
c_samuraiarmor_name=Samuray Zırhı
c_sapphirering_name=Safir Yüzük
c_savantrobe_name=Kurtarıcı Cübbesi
c_scholarrobe_name=Bilgin Cübbesi
c_scrollofresurrection_name=Diriliş Parşömeni
c_scryerstaff_name=Scryer Asası
c_searingdagger_name=Kavurucu Hançer
c_seashellamulet_name=Deniz Kabuğu Tılsımı
c_seashellring_name=Deniz Kabuğu Yüzüğü
c_shacklesofwar_name=Savaşın Prangaları
c_shadowbook_name=Gölge Kitabı
c_shadowcloack_name=Gölge Pelerini
c_shadoworb_name=Gölge Küresi
c_sharpscimitar_name=Keskin Pala
c_shieldofthorns_name=Dikenlerin Kalkanı
c_shortsword_name=Kısa Kılıç
c_shoulderplate_name=Omuz Plakası
c_silverchalice_name=Gümüş Kadeh
c_silverring_name=Gümüş Yüzük
c_simplehat_name=Basit Şapka
c_singingsword_name=Şakıyan Kılıç
c_slingshot_name=Sapan
c_slippers_name=Ayakkabılar
c_smallpouch_name=Küçük Çanta
c_soap_name=Sabun
c_soullantern_name=Ruh Feneri
c_spiderqueeneye_name=Örümcek Kraliçenin Gözü
c_spikedbracers_name=Dikenli Bilezikler
c_spikedshoulderpads_name=Dikenli Omuzluklar
c_spyglass_name=Dürbün
c_squidtoken_name=Kalamar Jetonu
c_stainlesscuirass_name=Paslanmaz Zırh
c_steadfastboots_name=Sadık Çizmeler
c_steadfastshield_name=Sarsılmaz Kalkan
c_steelrod_name=Çelik Çubuk
c_stimulantpills_name=Uyarıcı Haplar
c_stoneamulet_name=Taş Tılsımı
c_stonemaul_name=Taş Balyoz
c_stormcallerfeather_name=Fırtınakıran Tüyü
c_stormtiara_name=Fırtına Tacı
c_strawhat_name=Hasır Şapka
c_strongmojo_name=Güçlendiren Mojo
c_surprisebox_name=Sürpriz Kutu
c_surprisegiftbox_name=Sürpriz Hediye Kutusu
c_taintedrod_name=Lanetli Olta
c_tempest_name=Kasırga
c_templeamulet_name=Tapınak Tılsımı
c_terrorring_name=Dehşet Yüzüğü
c_thedarkone_name=Karanlık Varlık
c_thedefiler_name=Bozguncu
c_theone_name=Tek
c_thepolluter_name=Su Kirleten
c_theporcupine_name=Oklukirpi
c_theproficient_name=Yetkinlik
c_thermalamulet_name=Termal Tılsım
c_thermalring_name=Termal Yüzük
c_thewall_name=Duvar
c_thewolfslayer_name=Kurt Katili
c_thornyring_name=Dikenli Yüzük
c_tikimask_name=Tiki Maskesi
c_titangauntlets_name=Titan Eldivenleri
c_torch_name=Meşale
c_touristmap_name=Turist Haritası
c_twinblades_name=İkiz Bıçaklar
c_venomamulet_name=Zehir Tılsımı
c_venomfang_name=Örümcek Dişi
c_venomflask_name=Zehir Şişesi
c_veteranarmor_name=Kıdemli Zırhı
c_vilering_name=Aşağılık Yüzük
c_viperring_name=Engerek Yüzüğü
c_virulentring_name=Öldürücü Yüzük
c_visionring_name=Görüş Yüzüğü
c_volcanicaxe_name=Volkanik Balta
c_voodoodoll_name=Voodoo Bebeği
c_warbanner_name=Savaş Sancağı
c_wardrum_name=Savaş Davulu
c_warhammer_name=Savaş Çekici
c_warriorcode_name=Savaşçı Kanunu
c_watervase_name=Su Vazosu
c_weaponpouch_name=Silah Çantası
c_wingedwand_name=Kanatlı Asa
c_wolfskincloack_name=Kurt Pelerini
c_woodencrosier_name=Tahta Piskopos Asası
c_woollyhat_name=Yünlü Şapka
c_xulrunestone_name=Xul Rüntaşı
c_yggdrasilroot_name=Yggdrasil Kökü
c_yinyangbadge_name=Yin Yang Rozeti
c_ylmerbranch_name=Ylmer'in Dalı
c_yoggercleaver_name=Yogger'ın Satırı
c_balllightning_name=Yıldırım Topu
c_blizzard_name=Buz Fırtınası
c_bookofnightmares_name=Kabusların Kitabı
c_bookworm_name=Kitap Kurdu
c_cauterize_name=Dağlama
c_chainlightning_name=Zincirleme Yıldırım
c_chargebattery_name=Charge Battery
c_clearinstructions_name=Net Talimatlar ***
c_coldsnap_name=Ani Soğukluk
c_combustion_name=Körükleyici Yanma
c_cursenomicon_name=Lanet Kanunlarının Kitabı
c_curseofagony_name=Izdırabın Laneti
c_curseofdecay_name=Yıkımın Laneti
c_curseofelements_name=Elementlerin Laneti
c_curseofexhaustion_name=Bitkinliğin Laneti
c_curseoffragility_name=Kırılganlığın Laneti
c_curseofmadness_name=Deliliğin Laneti
c_curseofshadows_name=Gölgelerin Laneti
c_curseofvulnerability_name=Zafiyetin Laneti
c_curseofweakness_name=Zayıflığın Laneti
c_darkfuture_name=Karanlık Gelecek
c_darknessfalls_name=Karanlığın İnişi
c_darkpact_name=Karanlık Pakt
c_darkritual_name=Karanlık Ritüel
c_deepdarkness_name=Derinlerdeki Karanlık
c_disintegrate_name=Yak-Dağıt
c_drainlife_name=Yaşam Sömüren
c_electricdischarge_name=Elektrik Boşaltması 
c_electricitymanual_name=Elektrikli Kılavuz
c_electrocute_name=Elektroşok
c_elementalbolt_name=Elemantal Patlama
c_elementalward_name=Elemental Koruma
c_emberstorm_name=Yanan Fırtına
c_endlessabyss_name=Sonu Olmayan Boşluk
c_equivalentexchange_name=Bedeli Ödendi
c_evocation_name=Çağrışım
c_fireball_name=Ateş Topu
c_fireblast_name=Ateş Patlaması
c_firestorm_name=Ateş Fırtınası
c_flamestrike_name=Alevli İnfilak
c_flare_name=Alevlendir
c_flashfreeze_name=Ani Donma
c_frostbolt_name=Dondurucu Patlama
c_frostnova_name=Frost Nova ***
c_geyser_name=Gayzer
c_grimoireofflames_name=Alevden Kılavuz
c_heatwave_name=Sıcak Hava Dalgası
c_icebarrier_name=Buz Bariyeri
c_icecomet_name=Kuyruklu Buz Yıldızı
c_icecometm_name=Kuyruklu Buz Yıldızı
c_icelance_name=Buzdan Mızrak
c_icicle_name=Buz saçağı
c_iciclebarrage_name=Buz Saçağı Bombardımanı
c_icyveins_name=Buzlu Damarlar
c_ignite_name=Tutuştur
c_immolate_name=Kavur
c_innercombustion_name=İçten Yanan Ateş
c_invisibility_name=Görünmezlik
c_librarian_name=Kütüphaneci
c_lifetap_name=Yaşam Dokunuşu
c_livingflame_name=Yaşayan Alev
c_maliciouseye_name=Kötücül Göz
c_managem_name=Mana Taşı
c_manashield_name=Enerji Kalkanı
c_manasurge_name=Enerji Dalgası
c_massinvisibility_name=Toplu Görünmezlik
c_meteorite_name=Meteor
c_meteorshower_name=Meteor Yağmuru
c_mirrorimages_name=Aldatıcı İmgeler
c_necroticburst_name=Nekrotik Patlama
c_nightmare_name=Kabus
c_noxiouseruption_name=Toksik Patlama
c_pestilence_name=Veba
c_prismaticfield_name=Prizmatik Alan
c_pyroblast_name=Yüklü Ateş
c_rain_name=Yağmur
c_rayoffrost_name=Buz Işını
c_recurringnightmare_name=Tekrarlayan Kabus
c_replenishment_name=Yenileme
c_scorchingray_name=Kavurucu Işın
c_scrollofdefense_name=Savunma Parşömeni
c_scrollofintellect_name=Bilgelik Parşömeni
c_scrollofspeed_name=Hız Parşömeni
c_searingnova_name=Kavuran Nova
c_searingtouch_name=Yakıcı Dokunuş
c_shadowbinding_name=Gölgelerin Zincirleri
c_shadowbolt_name=Gölge Patlaması
c_shatter_name=Parçala
c_shiftingscroll_name=Değişken Parşomen
c_shocknova_name=Şok Nova
c_siphonlife_name=Yaşam Emen
c_squall_name=Şiddetli Rüzgar
c_superconductor_name=Aşırı Gerilim
c_theencyclopedia_name=Ansiklopedi
c_tomeofintellect_name=Bilgelik Kitabı
c_transmision_name=Aktarma
c_unstablepower_name=Dengesiz Güç
c_vampirictutor_name=Vampir Asistan
c_waterjet_name=Su Püskürtme
c_winteriscoming_name=Yaklaşan Kış
c_winterorb_name=Kış Küresi
c_wintersnighttale_name=Kış Masalları
c_zap_name=Zap
c_abyssalsonata_name=Dipsiz Sonat
c_amnesia_name=Amnezi
c_antimagicfield_name=Anti-Büyülü Alan
c_backstabm_name=Sırtından Bıçakla
c_barricadem_name=Barikat
c_barrierm_name=Bariyer
c_bewilder_name=Şaşırtma
c_bloodinfection_name=Kan Enfeksiyonu
c_bloodsucker_name=Kan Emici
c_broodmother_name=Kuluçka
c_broodmotherplus_name=Kuluçka
c_burrow_name=Burrow
c_carrioneater_name=Leş Yiyen
c_cocoon_name=Koza
c_coldbreath_name=Soğuk Nefes
c_corrosivetouch_name=Aşındırıcı Dokunuş
c_corrosivetoucheasy_name=Aşındırıcı Dokunuş
c_corruptharpoon_name=Yozlaşmış Zıpkınlar
c_counterspell_name=Karşı Büyü
c_crabbait_name=Yengeç Yemi
c_crabbaitplus_name=Yengeç Yemi
c_culltheweak_name=Zayıfları Ayıkla
c_cycloneslash_name=Kasırgalı Yarma
c_discharge_name=Boşaltma ***
c_dischargem_name=Boşaltma
c_dualstrikem_name=İkili Saldırı
c_earthguard_name=Toprak Muhafızı
c_electricpulse_name=Elektrik Darbesi
c_electrocution_name=Elektrik Akımı
c_elementalnova_name=Elemental Dalga
c_endlessstorm_name=Bitmeyen Fırtına
c_featherbarrage_name=Yağan Bıçaklar
c_fishingnet_name=Balık Ağı
c_flamingaura_name=Alevli Aura
c_flay_name=Flay
c_flynest_name=Sinek Yuvası
c_flynestplus_name=Sinek Yuvası
c_fouleruption_name=İğrenç Patlama
c_foulremedy_name=Kirli Tedavi
c_fungusroot_name=Mantar Kökü
c_fungussurge_name=Mantar Dalgası
c_getout_name=Göster Kendini!
c_geyserm_name=Gayzer
c_hatch_name=Yeni Bir Canlı
c_hatchplus_name=Yeni Bir Canlı
c_healingserenadem_name=Şifa Seremonisi
c_herding_name=Herding ***
c_hydrabite_name=Hydra Isırığı
c_hydrablood_name=Hidra Kanı
c_hypnotism_name=Hipnoz
c_hypnotismeasy_name=Hipnoz
c_knifebarrage_name=Bıçak Savurması
c_lightningbreath_name=Yıldırım Nefesi
c_lightningrod_name=Yıldırım Çubuğu
c_magicmushroom_name=Büyülü Mantar
c_masscounterspell_name=Toplu Karşı Büyü
c_menacingroar_name=Tehditkar Kükreme
c_mentalshell_name=Mental Kalkan
c_mindbolt_name=Zihin Patlatan
c_mindtrick_name=Akıl Oyunu
c_nephridiumacid_name=Nefridyum Asit
c_noxiousinjection_name=Zehirli Enjeksiyon
c_noxiousinjectionplus_name=Zehirli Enjeksiyon
c_numbingstrike_name=Uyuşturan Saldırı
c_oceanicbarrier_name=Okyanus Bariyeri
c_overcharge_name=Aşırı Yükleme
c_paralizingvenom_name=Felç Edici Zehir
c_paralizingvenomeasy_name=Felç Edici Zehir
c_poisonousassault_name=Zehirli Saldırı
c_poisonousbite_name=Zehirli Isırık
c_poisonousbreath_name=Zehirli Nefes
c_poisonsplash_name=Zehir Sıçraması
c_prismaticfieldm_name=Prizmatik Alan
c_psychicscream_name=Psişik Çığlık
c_psychicscreamm_name=Psişik Çığlık
c_psychicscreams_name=Psişik Çığlık
c_seacurse_name=Deniz Laneti
c_severarterym_name=Atardamar Kesimi
c_sharpeningcuts_name=Keskinleştiren Kesikler
c_sharpenm_name=Keskinleştirme
c_shocknovam_name=Şok Nova
c_sonar_name=Sonar
c_sonarh_name=Sonar
c_songofquicknessm_name=Çabukluğun Şarkısı
c_stimulatingsting_name=Uyarıcı İğne
c_stingerlauncher_name=İğne Fırlatıcı
c_stoned_name=Taşlanmış
c_stormtrident_name=Fırtına Mızrağı
c_stormward_name=Storm Ward
c_submerge_name=Derin Dalış
c_sweetmelodym_name=Tatlı Melodi
c_swing_name=Tempo
c_thorneater_name=Diken Yiyen
c_thorneaterhydra_name=Diken Yiyen
c_thunderfury_name=Fırtınanın Öfkesi
c_thunderfurym_name=Fırtınanın Öfkesi
c_typhoon_name=Tayfun
c_ultraregeneration_name=Ultra Yenilenme
c_vilegash_name=Lekeli Vuruş
c_vilegashplus_name=Lekeli Vuruş
c_virulentreaction_name=Şiddetli Reaksiyon
c_viscousshield_name=Yapışkan Kalkan
c_vitalizingserenadem_name=Canlandırıcı Serenat
c_watergun_name=Su Tabancası
c_weakeninggaze_name=Zayıflatan Bakışlar
c_web_name=Ağ
c_webweaver_name=Ağ Dokuması
c_wildbite_name=Vahşi Isırık
c_wristcutter_name=Bilek Kesen
c_awfultantrum_name=Öfkeli Sinir Krizi
c_awfultantrumplus_name=Öfkeli Sinir Krizi
c_axesweep_name=Balta Savurması
c_barbercuts_name=Berber Kesikleri
c_barkskin_name=Dikenli Deri
c_barkskinplus_name=Dikenli Deri
c_bigboom_name=Büyük Patlama
c_blazingstrike_name=Alevli Saldırı
c_blazingstrikeplus_name=Alevli Saldırı
c_bloodycleave_name=Kanlı Yarma
c_blossom_name=Çiçeklenme
c_blowup_name=Patla!
c_bouncyembers_name=Kabaran Közler
c_bouncyembersplus_name=Kabaran Közler
c_brand_name=Sembol
c_brandplus_name=Sembol
c_bristlyfur_name=Kabarık Kürk
c_bulletshot_name=Ateşli Silah
c_burningjavelin_name=Yanan Mızrak
c_chop_name=Doğra
c_clone_name=Sağlıklı Klon
c_concussiveshot_name=Sarsıcı Atış
c_crashlightning_name=Ezici Yıldırım
c_crashlightningm_name=Ezici Yıldırım
c_darkoutburst_name=Karanlık Patlama
c_deeppuff_name=Deep Puff ***
c_deeproots_name=Derin Kökler
c_defectivesummon_name=Kusurlu Çağırma
c_deliciousscent_name=Lezzetli Koku
c_dinnerisready_name=Yemek hazır!
c_dinnerisreadyplus_name=Yemek hazır!
c_doublechop_name=Çifte Doğrama
c_eardestroyer_name=Kulak Parçalayan
c_earthwave_name=Toprak Dalgası
c_earthwaveplus_name=Toprak Dalgası
c_embersofdefense_name=Savunma Korları
c_embersofpower_name=Güç Korları
c_embersofspeed_name=Hız Korları
c_entanglingroots_name=Dolambaçlı Kökler
c_entanglingrootseasy_name=Dolambaçlı Kökler
c_fieryjabs_name=Ateşli Bıçaklar
c_fieryjabsplus_name=Ateşli Bıçaklar
c_fierynova_name=Ateşli Nova
c_fierynovam_name=Ateşli Nova
c_firebrand_name=Ateş Sembolü
c_fireember_name=Yangın Koru
c_fireemberm_name=Yangın Koru
c_fireemberplus_name=Yangın Koru
c_flameball_name=Ateş Topu
c_flameballbelphplus_name=Ateş Topu
c_flamedancer_name=Alev Dansçısı
c_flamehoarding_name=Alev İstifi
c_flamestorm_name=Alev Fırtınası
c_flowershuriken_name=Çiçek Şurikeni
c_flowerstream_name=Çiçek Akıntısı
c_frenziedtermites_name=Çıldırmış Termitler
c_frenziedtermitesplus_name=Çıldırmış Termitler
c_freshmeat_name=Taze et!
c_furiousylmer_name=Öfkeli Ylmer
c_gunshot_name=Silahlı Saldırı
c_harshcauterization_name=Sert Dağlama
c_harvest_name=Hasat Zamanı
c_healingtotem_name=Şifa Totemi
c_healingtotemm_name=Şifa Totemi
c_heatshield_name=Sıcak Kalkan
c_hightide_name=Dalgaların Yükselişi
c_hurryup_name=Acele et
c_impalingroot_name=Kazıklı Kök
c_kindle_name=Çıra
c_kindlem_name=Çıra
c_leafclaw_name=Yaprak Pençesi
c_leafclawplus_name=Yaprak Pençesi
c_letthefeastbegin_name=Ziyafet Başlasın!
c_lifebloom_name=Yaşam Çiçeği
c_lifebloomplus_name=Yaşam Çiçeği
c_marktheprey_name=İşaretlenen Av
c_moonbeam_name=Ay Işığı
c_mooncatalyst_name=Ay Katalisti
c_moonfire_name=Ay Ateşi
c_moonfireplus_name=Ay Ateşi
c_moonguard_name=Ay Savunması
c_moonguardplus_name=Ay Savunması
c_naturescall_name=Doğa'nın Çağrısı
c_naturescallplus_name=Doğa'nın Çağrısı
c_overgrowth_name=Aşırı Büyüme
c_overgrowthplus_name=Aşırı Büyüme
c_petcall_name=Hayvan Çağrısı
c_petcallplus_name=Hayvan Çağrısı
c_petcallrondo_name=Hayvan Çağrısı
c_petcallrondoplus_name=Hayvan Çağrısı
c_popcornburst_name=Patlamış Mısır Saldırısı
c_popcornburstm_name=Patlamış Mısır Saldırısı
c_pound_name=Vur-kır
c_purgingwinds_name=Arındırıcı Rüzgarlar
c_rabid_name=Kuduz
c_rabidplus_name=Kuduz
c_rainofthorns_name=Diken Yağmuru
c_ruminantbite_name=Gevişgetiren Isırığı
c_sadtantrum_name=Hüzünlü Öfke Nöbeti
c_scattershot_name=Dağınık atış
c_shadowwolf_name=Gölge Kurt
c_shamanism_name=Şamanizm
c_shear_name=Kırkma
c_sickleslash_name=Orak Saldırısı
c_sliceanddice_name=Zarla ve Kes!
c_smellblood_name=Smell Blood
c_smellbloodplus_name=Smell Blood
c_sprout_name=Filiz
c_stalking_name=Takip
c_starfall_name=Yıldız Yağmuru
c_starfallplus_name=Yıldız Yağmuru
c_stressfulfumes_name=Stresli Dumanlar
c_summonimp_name=Imp Çağır
c_summonimpeasy_name=Imp Çağır
c_summonimpplus_name=Imp Çağır
c_summonwick_name=Wick Çağır
c_sweepingstrikem_name=Kapsamlı Saldırı
c_takingaim_name=Nişan Al
c_tantrum_name=Sinir Krizi
c_terrorizinghowl_name=Dehşet Verici Uluma
c_terrorizinghowlplus_name=Dehşet Verici Uluma
c_torching_name=Ateşe Ver
c_tranquility_name=Sükunet
c_tranquilityplus_name=Sükunet
c_tuskbarrage_name=Dişli Yaylım Ateşi
c_tuskbarrageplus_name=Dişli Yaylım Ateşi
c_tuskcharge_name=Dişli Hücum
c_tuskchargeplus_name=Dişli Hücum
c_unleashed_name=Zincirsiz Saldırı
c_unleashedm_name=Zincirsiz Saldırı
c_viciousbite_name=Hırçın Isırık
c_volatileunsummoning_name=Volatile Unsummoning
c_watering_name=Sulama
c_watersrpay_name=Su Spreyi
c_whack_name=Küt!
c_woollyshell_name=Yünlü Savunma
c_woollyshellplus_name=Yünlü Savunma
c_aftershock_name=Artçı Şok
c_aimedshotm_name=Hedefe Atış
c_aimedshotmeasy_name=Hedefe Atış
c_ardentguard_name=Kudretli Koruma
c_ash_name=Kül
c_ashstorm_name=Kül Fırtınası
c_ashstormplus_name=Kül Fırtınası
c_ashstormcorruption_name=Kül Fırtınası
c_bandaid_name=Yara Bandı
c_bandaidm_name=Yara Bandı
c_bladerush_name=Kılıç Hücumu
c_blazingnova_name=Yanan Nova
c_blazingslash_name=Yanan Kesik
c_bomb_name=Bomba
c_bombm_name=Bomba
c_bombard_name=Bombardıman
c_boulderthrow_name=Kaya Atışı
c_burningcore_name=Yanan Çekirdek
c_burningjaveline_name=Yanan Mızrak
c_catapult_name=Mancınık
c_chainlightningeasy_name=Zincirleme Yıldırım
c_chainlightningm_name=Zincirleme Yıldırım
c_chargedclaws_name=Hücum Etmiş Pençeler
c_clobber_name=Vur-Patakla
c_corruptedknife_name=Yozlaşmış Bıçak
c_crazylook_name=Çılgın Bakış
c_dash_name=Atılma
c_dauntless_name=Gözü Pek
c_demonicflame_name=Şeytani Alev
c_doubleslash_name=Çifte Kesik
c_doubletrouble_name=Çifte Bela
c_doubletroubleplus_name=Çifte Bela
c_earthquake_name=Deprem
c_earthquakeeasy_name=Deprem
c_endurepain_name=Acıya Tahammül 
c_explosivegift_name=Patlayıcı Hediye
c_fantheflames_name=Alevleri Körükle
c_fantheflamesm_name=Alevleri Körükle
c_fieryblow_name=Ateşli Darbe
c_fierycoat_name=Ateşten Cübbe
c_fieryfist_name=Ateşli Yumruk
c_fieryshieldm_name=Ateşli Kalkan
c_fieryweaponsm_name=Ateşli Silahlar
c_fireballm_name=Ateş Topu
c_fireballmeasy_name=Ateş Topu
c_firebolt_name=Ateş Fişeği
c_fireinthehole_name=Bomba Geliyor!
c_fireslash_name=Ateşli Kesik
c_flyhigh_name=Yüksek Uçuş
c_flyhighplus_name=Yüksek Uçuş
c_furiousslashm_name=Hiddetli Vuruş
c_groundslamm_name=Zemin Darbesi
c_gutripper_name=Karın Deşen
c_hardening_name=Sertleşme
c_headbuttm_name=Kafa At
c_heatassimilation_name=Sıcaklık Asimilasyonu
c_heatlaserm_name=Isı Lazeri
c_heattransfer_name=Sıcaklık Transferi
c_heatwavem_name=Isı Dalgası
c_hellmark_name=Cehennem İşareti
c_helpme_name=Yardım edin!
c_helpmeeasy_name=Yardım edin!
c_icytornado_name=Buzlu Kasırga
c_icytornadoeasy_name=Buzlu Kasırga
c_indomitable_name=Tutmayın Beni!
c_infuriatem_name=ROOOOAAAGH 
c_landslide_name=Heyelan
c_landslideeasy_name=Heyelan
c_lavaeruption_name=Lav Patlaması
c_lavaspray_name=Lav Spreyi
c_lightningboltm_name=Yıldırım
c_livingbomb_name=Canlı Bomba
c_livingbombplus_name=Canlı Bomba
c_magmaprison_name=Magma Hapishanesi
c_magmaprisonm_name=Magma Hapishanesi
c_magmasurge_name=Magma Dalgası
c_magmasurgeplus_name=Magma Dalgası
c_maliciousfarewell_name=Kötücül Veda
c_meteoritem_name=Meteor
c_meteorshowerm_name=Meteor Yağmuru
c_overcoat_name=Overcoat
c_overheat_name=Aşırı Isı
c_overwhelm_name=Bunaltı
c_petrify_name=Taşlaştır
c_predator_name=Yırtıcı
c_protect_name=Koruma
c_purgetheweak_name=Zayıfları Temizle
c_purgingflame_name=Püskürtme Ateşi
c_pyroblastm_name=Yüklü Ateş
c_pyroblastmeasy_name=Yüklü Ateş
c_pyroblastmeasyy_name=Yüklü Ateş
c_ragingblow_name=Öfkeli Darbe
c_rapidfirem_name=Seri Atış
c_reactivelaserm_name=Reaktif Lazer
c_reassemble_name=Toparlanma
c_reassemblem_name=Toparlanma
c_relentlessfury_name=Amansız Öfke
c_repairarmorm_name=Bakım Onarım
c_shakeitoffm_name=Silkelen!
c_shieldbashm_name=Kalkan Darbesi
c_shieldbreakerm_name=Kalkan Kıran
c_shieldchargem_name=Kalkanlı Hücum
c_shieldsmelter_name=Kalkan Eriten
c_shieldwallm_name=Kalkandan Duvar
c_sidestep_name=Sinsi Adımlar
c_smokebombm_name=Duman Bombası
c_snipe_name=Nişan Altında
c_snipeeasy_name=Nişan Altında
c_staticcharge_name=Statik Güç
c_stomp_name=Ağır Adımlar
c_stonefist_name=Taş Yumruk
c_stonefisteasy_name=Taş Yumruk
c_stonewall_name=Taş Duvar
c_stonewalleasy_name=Taş Duvar
c_storm_name=Fırtına
c_stungrenade_name=Sersemletici Bomba
c_subjugation_name=Zapt Etme
c_sunderarmorm_name=Zırh Parçalayan
c_tauntingroar_name=Kışkırtıcı Kükreme
c_thehunt_name=Av
c_thehunteasy_name=Av
c_throwknife_name=Bıçak Fırlat
c_trebuchet_name=Mancınık
c_violentburst_name=Şiddetli Patlama
c_warcry_name=Savaş Çığlığı
c_warcrycroc_name=Savaş Çığlığı
c_whirlwindm_name=Kasırga
c_wildcharge_name=Vahşi Hücum
c_windblessing_name=Rüzgarın Lütfu
c_abstraction_name=Soyutlama
c_abyssalrevenge_name=Bitmeyen İntikam
c_abyssalwrath_name=Dipsiz Gazap
c_anathema_name=Anathema
c_apocalypse_name=Mutlak Son
c_apotheosis_name=Tanrıtanımazlık 
c_armoredsteel_name=Çelikten Kaplama
c_belphyorsbrand_name=Belphyor'un Sembolü
c_berserkerarmor_name=Çıldırtan Zırh
c_blackpyre_name=Kara Ateş
c_blasphemy_name=Şirk
c_blasphemyeasy_name=Şirk
c_bloodyretaliation_name=Kanlı İntikam
c_bludgeonm_name=Balyoz
c_blueflame_name=Mavi Alev
c_causticbeam_name=Yakıcı Işın
c_celestialtoll_name=Semavi Görev
c_celestialwrath_name=Semavi Gazap
c_condemnationm_name=Beddua
c_consecration_name=Kutsama
c_consume_name=Tüket
c_corruption_name=Yozlaştır
c_crucifixion_name=İdam
c_crushingdarkness_name=Ezici Karanlık
c_darkconstraint_name=Karanlık Kısıtlama
c_darkcremation_name=Karanlık Kremasyon
c_darkembrace_name=Karanlık Kucaklama
c_darkfury_name=Kara Öfke
c_darkguard_name=Karanlık Koruma
c_darklightning_name=Kara Şimşek
c_darklightningeasy_name=Kara Şimşek
c_darkrancor_name=Kara Kin
c_darkshot_name=Kara Atış
c_dawnpunishment_name=Şafağın Cezası
c_deadlychime_name=Ölümcül Çanlar
c_deathstoll_name=Ölümün Bedeli
c_deathstolleasy_name=Ölümün Bedeli
c_deathstollm_name=Ölümün Bedeli
c_deepdarknessm_name=Derin Karanlık
c_dementia_name=Bunama
c_dementiam_name=Bunama
c_desecration_name=Desecration ***
c_despair_name=Umutsuzluk
c_devastatem_name=Yıkım
c_devastatemm_name=Yıkım
c_disintegratem_name=Yak-Dağıt
c_divinechime_name=Kutsal Çan
c_divineintervention_name=İlahi Müdahale
c_divineprotection_name=İlahi Koruma
c_divinepunishment_name=İlahi Ceza
c_divineretributionm_name=İlahi İntikam
c_doomsday_name=Kıyamet Günü
c_duskpunishment_name=Şafak Vaktinin Cezası
c_enfeeble_name=Zayıflaştır
c_entrenchm_name=Siperleştir
c_ethereal_name=Ruhani
c_evasivemaneuver_name=Kaçamaklı Hareket
c_fallenpromise_name=Fallen Promise
c_gloomyburst_name=Kasvetli Patlama
c_godlystrength_name=Tanrısal Güç
c_grandcross_name=Büyük Haç
c_grandcrossm_name=Grand Cross
c_gravitywell_name=Gravity Well ***
c_gravitywelleasy_name=Gravity Well
c_grouptherapy_name=Grup Terapisi
c_headbuttmm_name=Kafa At
c_heavyartillery_name=Ağır Bombardıman
c_hellfire_name=Cehennem Ateşi
c_heraldofdawn_name=Günbatımının Elçisi
c_heraldofdusk_name=Karanlığın Elçisi
c_heresy_name=Sapkınlık
c_hideandseek_name=Saklambaç
c_holybarrage_name=Kutsal Baraj
c_holylance_name=Kutsal Mızrak
c_holylanceeasy_name=Kutsal Mızrak ---
c_holyslash_name=Kutsal Kesiş
c_holysmitem_name=Kutsal Vuruş
c_holystormm_name=Kutsal Fırtına
c_inferno_name=Cehennem
c_infernom_name=Cehennem
c_invisibilitym_name=Mükemmel Görünmezlik
c_ivorytower_name=Fildişi Kulesi
c_killpet_name=Evcilleri Öldür
c_knightspride_name=Şövalyenin Gururu
c_lavabomb_name=Lav Bombası
c_lavabombm_name=Lav Bombası
c_lawofdarkness_name=Karanlığın Kanunu
c_lawoflight_name=Işığın Kanunu
c_layonhands_name=Yardımcı Eller
c_lethargy_name=Uyuşukluk
c_lifetotem_name=Yaşam Totemi
c_luminousbeam_name=Aydınlık Işın
c_lunargrace_name=Ayin Zarafeti
c_martyrdom_name=Şehitlik
c_masshysteria_name=Büyük Histeri
c_masshysteria 1_name=Büyük Histeri
c_misery_name=Sefalet
c_obsidiantower_name=Obsidyen Kulesi
c_oppression_name=Zulüm
c_oppressioneasy_name=Zulüm
c_oppressionm_name=Zulüm
c_paranoia_name=Paranoya
c_perfectparry_name=Mükemmel Savuşturma
c_phantomechoes_name=Hayali Yankılar
c_phantomechoesm_name=Hayali Yankılar
c_piercingstrike_name=Delici Saldırı
c_piercingstrikeeasy_name=Delici Saldırı
c_piercingstrikem_name=Delici Saldırı
c_profanem_name=Kafir
c_pulsingvigor_name=Çarpıcı Zindelik
c_pulsingvigorm_name=Çarpıcı Zindelik
c_purify_name=Arındırıcı
c_radiance_name=Parlaklık
c_radiantburst_name=Parlak Patlama
c_rapture_name=İstiğrak
c_regrowth_name=Yeniden Büyüme
c_repentance_name=Pişmanlık	
c_sacredceremonym_name=Kutsal Seremoni
c_sacredguard_name=Kutsal Koruyucu
c_sacredlightning_name=Kutsal Şimşek
c_sacredrancor_name=Kutsal Kin
c_sacredshot_name=Kutsal Atış
c_sanctificationm_name=Takdis
c_sanctuarym_name=Harim
c_shadowawakening_name=Gölgelerin Uyanışı
c_shadowawakeningm_name=Gölgelerin Uyanışı
c_shadowbarrage_name=Gölge Barajı Ateşi
c_shadowbindingm_name=Gölgelerin Zincirleri
c_shadowlance_name=Gölge Mızrağı
c_shadowslash_name=Gölge Kesişi
c_shieldgenerator_name=Kalkan Yapıcı
c_shieldjammer_name=Kalkan Bozucu
c_shieldslamm_name=Kalkan Darbesi
c_siegebreakerm_name=Kuşatma Yarıcı 
c_silencingaura_name=Susturan Aura
c_silentbacklash_name=Sessiz Tepme
c_statustransfer_name=Ödeşme
c_stockadem_name=Palanka
c_stockademeasy_name=Palanka
c_stronghold_name=Sığınak
c_totaleclipse_name=Büyük Tutulma
c_toxicretaliation_name=Zehirli Misilleme
c_transcendence_name=Aşkınlık
c_twilightslaughter_name=Alacakaranlık Katliamı
c_ungodlystrength_name=Tanrısız Güç
c_unholystormm_name=Lanetli Fırtına
c_vitalitydrain_name=Yaşam Tükenişi
c_vitalitydraineasy_name=Yaşam Tükenişi
c_whiteflame_name=Beyaz Alev
c_whiteflames_name=Beyaz Alevler
c_wildroots_name=Yabani Kökler
c_wither_name=Sindir
c_yangmantra_name=Yang Mantra
c_yinmantra_name=Yin Mantra
c_acrobaticstrike_name=Akrobatik Saldırı
c_adrenaline_name=Adrenalin
c_aimedshot_name=Hedefe Atış
c_ambidextrous_name=İki Ellilik
c_ambush_name=Pusu
c_ammunitions_name=Mühimmat
c_annoyingwhistle_name=Rahatsız Edici Islık
c_backstab_name=Sırtından Bıçakla
c_balladofconquest_name=Fethin Türküsü
c_balladofevasion_name=Kaçış Baladı
c_bane_name=Dert
c_barrage_name=Baraj Ateşi
c_bladedance_name=Bıçak Dansı
c_bladeflurry_name=Kılıç Hücumu
c_blur_name=Bulanıklaşma
c_burningshot_name=Yakıcı Atış
c_caltrops_name=Kaltroplar
c_camouflage_name=Kamuflaj
c_captivatingvoice_name=Büyüleyici Ses
c_chantofaccuracy_name=Doğruluk ilahisi
c_chantofinitiative_name=İnisiyatif İlahisi
c_corruptedblade_name=Yozlaşmış Bıçak
c_debilitate_name=Zayıf Düşür
c_deflect_name=Saptır
c_detection_name=Tespit
c_disengage_name=Azat Et
c_doublestrike_name=Çifte Vuruş
c_dualstrike_name=İkili Saldırı
c_energizingserenade_name=Enerjik Serenat
c_eternallullaby_name=Ebedi Ninni
c_etherealknives_name=Ruhani Bıçaklar ***
c_eviscerate_name=Bağırsaklarını Deş
c_explosiveshot_name=Patlayıcı Atış
c_exposearmor_name=Zırhı İfşa Et
c_fanofknives_name=Bıçak Yelpazesi
c_farshot_name=Uzaktan Atış
c_feint_name=Aldatma
c_findweakness_name=Zayıflını Bul
c_healingserenade_name=Şifalı Serenat
c_hiddenweapon_name=Gizli Silah
c_hitandrun_name=Vur Kaç
c_huntersmark_name=Avcı'nın İşareti
c_iceshot_name=Buz Atışı
c_lastrequiem_name=Son Ağıt
c_lastreward_name=Son Ödül
c_lethalshot_name=Öldürücü Atış
c_multishot_name=Çoklu Atış
c_musicsheet_name=Müzik Notaları
c_neurotoxin_name=Nörotoksin
c_neverendingstory_name=Bitmeyen Hikaye
c_odeofwar_name=Savaş Kasidesi
c_parry_name=Savuşturma
c_plagueshot_name=Veba Atışı
c_poisoncatalyst_name=Zehir Katalizörü
c_poisondart_name=Zehirli Dart
c_poisoneddaggers_name=Zehirli Hançerler
c_poisonflask_name=Zehir Şişesi
c_poisonousblood_name=Zehirli Kan
c_poisonousshot_name=Zehirli Atış
c_poisonspray_name=Zehir Spreyi
c_puncture_name=Delik Deşik
c_quickshot_name=Hızlı Atış
c_rainofarrows_name=Ok Yağmuru
c_rapidfire_name=Süratli Atış
c_reverberantverse_name=Yankılanan Mısralar
c_ricochet_name=Sekme
c_rupture_name=Kopuş
c_sarcasticsonnet_name=Alaycı Sone
c_sawblade_name=Testere Bıçağı
c_sawtoothknife_name=Testere Dişli Bıçak
c_scavenge_name=Cöpçülük
c_setup_name=Hazırlık
c_shadowstep_name=Gölge Adım
c_sharpeningknife_name=Bilenmiş Bıçak
c_shiv_name=Kunai
c_shrapnelshot_name=Şarapnel Atışı
c_slice_name=Kes
c_smokebomb_name=Sis Bombası
c_sneakpeek_name=Sinsi Bakış
c_sneakystrike_name=Sinsi Saldırı
c_snipershot_name=Sniper Vuruşu
c_songofcelerity_name=Sürat Şarkısı
c_songofquickness_name=Çabukluk Şarkısı
c_sprint_name=Depar
c_stoneskin_name=Taştan Deri
c_sweetmelody_name=Tatlı Melodi
c_tediouspoem_name=Bıktırıcı Şiir
c_toxicrain_name=Toksik Yağmur
c_toxicstrike_name=Toksik Saldırı
c_trace_name=İz
c_tuneup_name=Melodi Uydur
c_uproot_name=Kökünden sök
c_vanish_name=Kayboluş
c_vexingcrescendo_name=Huzursuz Kreşendo
c_vigilance_name=Teyakkuz
c_viperstrike_name=Engerek Vuruşu
c_vitalizingserenade_name=Canlandırıcı Serenat
c_volley_name=Yayılım Atışı
c_weaponcache_name=Silah Zulası
c_whisperinglies_name=Yalanın Fısıltıları
c_wickedcraftsman_name=Kötülük Üstadı
c_abyssalsonataspecial_name=Uçsuz Bucaksız Sonat
c_adventureawaits_name=Macera Bizi Bekliyor!
c_antimagicfieldspecial_name=Anti-Büyülü Alan
c_atonement_name=Tövbe
c_awfultantrumitem_name=Korkunç Kargaşa
c_banish_name=Sürgün
c_bass_name=Bass
c_bewilderspecial_name=Şaşırtma
c_birdofprey_name=Yırtıcı Kuş
c_blackdeath_name=Kara Ölüm
c_bloodsuckeritem_name=Kan Emen
c_bloodsuckeritemb_name=Kan Emen
c_bonk_name=Bonk
c_bouncyembersitem_name=Kabarık Közler
c_captainshowl_name=Kaptan'ın Uluması
c_carp_name=Sazan
c_clairvoyanceitem_name=Sağgörü
c_clairvoyanceitemb_name=Sağgörü
c_coldburst_name=Soğuk Patlama
c_coldspark_name=Soğuk Kıvılcım
c_craftgem_name=Üret: Mana Taşı
c_craftpanacea_name=Üret: Deva
c_craftpoison_name=Üret: Zehir
c_culltheweakspecial_name=Zayıfları Ayıkla
c_cycloneslashspecial_name=Kasırga Vuruşu
c_divinegrace_name=İlahi Lütuf
c_elementalnovaspecial_name=Elemental Dalga
c_elementalnovaspecialb_name=Elemental Dalga
c_emberstormspecial_name=Kor Fırtınası
c_enchantment_name=Enchantment ***
c_enchantment2_name=Enchantment2
c_experttracker_name=Uzman İzci
c_falconshot_name=Şahin Vuruşu
c_fieryshield_name=Ateşli Kalkan
c_fireemberitem_name=Ateş Koru
c_freezecorruption_name=Dondur
c_frozencarp_name=Donmuş Sazan
c_hatchcorrupt_name=Hatch ***
c_heatassimilationitem_name=Isı Asimilasyonu
c_heatlaser_name=Isı Lazeri
c_hellmarkitem_name=Cehennem İşareti
c_howl_name=Uluma
c_improvedfireball_name=Geliştirilmiş Ateş Topu
c_improvedrapidfire_name=Geliştirilmiş Süratli Atış
c_killerinstinc_name=Katil İçgüdüsü
c_lasthope_name=Son Umut
c_lightningboltboon_name=Yıldırım
c_lightningboltchallen_name=Yıldırım
c_lightningboltcorrption_name=Yıldırım
c_lightningboltitem_name=Yıldırım
c_malediction_name=Şeytani Hüküm
c_megabonk_name=Mega Bonk
c_meteoritecorruption_name=Meteor
c_moonfireitem_name=Ay Ateşi
c_overheatitem_name=Aşırı ısınma
c_paralizingvenomitem_name=Felç Edici Zehir
c_pebblethrow_name=Pebble Throw ***
c_plaguerat_name=Vebalı Sıçan
c_poisonousbiteitem_name=Zehirli Isırık
c_poisonsplashitem_name=Zehir Sıçraması
c_poisonsplashitemb_name=Zehir Sıçraması
c_powerslave_name=Powerslave ***
c_protectspecial_name=Koruma
c_pufferfish_name=Balon Balığı
c_quillrain_name=Tüy Yağmuru
c_reprisal_name=Reprisal ***
c_sad_name=Sad ***
c_searingblast_name=Kavurucu Patlama
c_sharpenspecial_name=Keskinleştir
c_shieldgeneratoritem_name=Kalkan Üreten
c_shieldgeneratoritemb_name=Kalkan Üreten
c_starfallitem_name=Yıldız Yağmuru
c_starfallottis_name=Yıldız Yağmuru
c_arcaneconduit_name=Arcane Conduit ***
c_atonementstart_name=Tövbe
c_banishstart_name=Sürgün
c_blackdeathstart_name=Kara Ölüm
c_blacktalons_name=Kara Pençeler
c_captainshowlstart_name=Kaptan'ın Uluması
c_chillinggaze_name=Ürpertici Bakış
c_circuitoverload_name=Aşırı Devre Yükü
c_coldsparkstart_name=Soğuk Kıvılcım
c_deadlystrikes_name=Ölümcül Saldırılar
c_divinegracestart_name=İlahi Lütuf
c_divineretribution_name=İlahi İntikam
c_divinireprotection_name=Kutsal Sembol
c_doublebubble_name=Çifte Kabarık
c_doubleshot_name=Çifte Atış
c_dualwield_name=Çift Elli ***
c_electricweapons_name=Elektrikli Silahlar
c_elementalproliferation_name=Elemental Yayılım
c_elvenagility_name=Elf Çevikliği
c_enchantweapons_name=Efsunlu Silahlar
c_encore_name=Bir daha!
c_entomb_name=Kabir
c_etherealweapons_name=Ruhani Silahlar
c_experttrackerstart_name=Uzman izci
c_falconshotstart_name=Şahin Vuruşu
c_fatedfuture_name=Kaderimizdeki Gelecek
c_fieryshieldstart_name=Ateşli Kalkan
c_fieryweapons_name=Ateşli Silahlar
c_fireproof_name=Ateşe dayanıklı
c_focusheal_name=Odaklanılmış Şifa
c_followup_name=Follow-up /// ***
c_frostweapons_name=Buz Silahları
c_fusionlaser_name=Füzyon Lazeri
c_grudge_name=Garez
c_hawkeye_name=Şahin Göz
c_heatlaserstart_name=Isı Lazeri
c_heavymetal_name=Ağır Metal
c_hellflame_name=Cehennem Alevi
c_hiddenhand_name=Gizli El
c_holycrusader_name=Kutsal Haçlı
c_holysymbol_name=Kutsal Sembol
c_infestation_name=istila
c_killerinstincstart_name=Katil İçgüdüsü
c_lastguardian_name=Son Muhafız
c_lightfeet_name=Hafif Ayaklar
c_loveenhancer_name=Sevgi Güçlendiren
c_maledictionstart_name=Malediction ***
c_maneuver_name=Manevra
c_melodicrhythm_name=Melodik Ritim
c_nightterror_name=Gecenin Dehşeti
c_onslaught_name=Taarruz
c_phoenix_name=Anka Kuşu
c_powerslavestart_name=Powerslave ***
c_praisethesun_name=Güneşe Methiye
c_reactivelaser_name=Reaktif Lazer
c_redstorm_name=Kırmızı Fırtına
c_riposte_name=Karşı Saldırı
c_serratedweapons_name=Tırtıklı Silahlar
c_skillful_name=Becerikli 
c_solarflare_name=Güneş Patlaması
c_spellecho_name=Büyü Yankısı
c_steelforge_name=Çelik Ocağı ***
c_subterfuge_name=Dalavere
c_targetshooting_name=Hedef Atışı
c_teslacoil_name=Tesla Bobini
c_thechosenone_name=Seçilmiş Kişi
c_thunderclap_name=Gök Gürültüsü ***
c_transcribe_name=Metne Dök ***
c_twinscrollsstart_name=İkiz Parşömenler
c_unwaveringfaith_name=Sarsılmaz İnanç
c_vaccine_name=Aşı
c_valiantdefender_name=Cesur Savunucu
c_vigorousfurystart_name=Şiddetli Öfke
c_wildhunt_name=Yaban Avı
c_wolfguard_name=Kurt Koruması
c_worldinflames_name=Alevler İçinde Dünya
c_yangritual_name=Yang Ritüeli
c_yinritual_name=Yin Ritüeli
c_stormcorruption_name=Fırtına
c_stormitem_name=Fırtına
c_stormwardspecial_name=Storm Ward /// ***
c_stormwardspecialb_name=Storm Ward /// ***
c_swap_name=Değişim
c_tabularasacorruption_name=Tabula Rasa
c_tabularasam_name=Tabula Rasa
c_tantrumitem_name=Sinir Krizi
c_thunderfuryspecial_name=Fırtınanın Öfkesi
c_toxicrainspecial_name=Toksik Yağmur
c_twinscrolls_name=İkiz Parşömenler
c_vigorousfury_name=Şiddetli Öfke
c_windblessingitem_name=Rüzgar Kutsaması
c_windblessingitemb_name=Rüzgar Kutsaması
c_arsenal_name=Silah Kutusu
c_barbedwire_name=Dikenli Tel
c_barricade_name=Barikat
c_battleplan_name=Plan Sadık Kal
c_battleshout_name=Savaş Haykırışı
c_bladestorm_name=Kılıç Fırtınası
c_bleedout_name=Kanama
c_bloodbath_name=Kan Gölü
c_bloodfeeding_name=Kanla Beslen
c_bloodforblood_name=Kana Kan
c_bloodrage_name=Kanlı Öfke
c_bludgeon_name=Balyoz
c_bluff_name=Blöf
c_bouncingshield_name=Sıçrayan Kalkan
c_burningblood_name=Yanan Kan
c_butchering_name=Doğrama
c_carnage_name=Kıyım
c_challengingshout_name=Mücadeleci Feryat
c_changeweapon_name=Silah Değiştir
c_charge_name=Hücum
c_citadel_name=Kale
c_cleave_name=Yarma 
c_coatofarms_name=Ordu Arması 
c_colossalblow_name=Devasa Darbe
c_defend_name=Savun
c_demolishingblow_name=Yıkıcı Darbe
c_demoralizingshout_name=Moral Bozan Bağırış
c_devastate_name=Yıkım
c_doityourself_name=Kendin yap!
c_enrage_name=Öfkelen
c_entrench_name=Siper Aç
c_exploitopenings_name=Açıklardan Yararlan
c_faststrike_name=Hızlı Saldırı
c_firstaid_name=İlk Yardım
c_flankingstrike_name=Yandan Saldırı
c_furiousslash_name=Öfkeli Kesiş
c_gardenofthorns_name=Dikenlerin Bahçesi
c_grindingwheel_name=Bileme Taşı
c_groundslam_name=Zemin Darbesi
c_guard_name=Savunma
c_hamstring_name=Sakatla
c_headbutt_name=Kafa At
c_heavystrike_name=Ağır Saldırı
c_helpinghand_name=Yardımcı El
c_impale_name=Delip Geç
c_infuriate_name=ROOOOAAAGH
c_intercept_name=Engelleme
c_intimidate_name=Gözdağı
c_invigoratingblow_name=Yenileyici Darbe
c_laststand_name=Son Direniş
c_leapslam_name=Sıçramalı Vuruş
c_maim_name=Kemiğini Kır
c_mortalstrike_name=Ölümcül Vuruş
c_overpower_name=Aşırı güç
c_piercinghowl_name=Keskin Uluma
c_pommel_name=Topuz
c_precisestrike_name=Hassas Vuruş
c_provoke_name=Kışkırt
c_pulverize_name=Toz Et
c_pummel_name=Seri Yumruk
c_punch_name=Yumruk
c_pushforward_name=İleriye Akın
c_rampage_name=Hedefsiz Saldırı
c_recklesscharge_name=Pervasız Hücum
c_reinforcedsteel_name=Güçlendirilmiş Çelik
c_rend_name=Yırt
c_repairarmor_name=Bakım Onarım
c_repetitiontraining_name=Tekrarlanan Antrenman
c_safeguard_name=Önlem ***
c_secondwind_name=İkinci Rüzgar
c_severartery_name=Atardamar Kesimi
c_shakeitoff_name=Silkelen
c_sharingiscaring_name=Bu Sefer Bendensin!
c_sharpen_name=Keskinleştir
c_shieldbash_name=Kalkan Darbesi
c_shieldbreaker_name=Kalkan Kıran
c_shieldcharge_name=Kalkanlı Hücum
c_shieldslam_name=Kalkan Savuruşu
c_shieldthrow_name=Kalkan Atışı
c_shieldwall_name=Kalkandan Duvar
c_siegebreaker_name=Kuşatma Yarıcı *** ////Kuşatma Yaran (?)
c_skullsplitter_name=Kafatası Yaran
c_spikedshield_name=Dikenli Kalkan
c_steelskin_name=Çelikten Deri
c_stockade_name=Palanka
c_sunderarmor_name=Zırh Parçalayan
c_sweepingstrike_name=Kapsamlı Saldırı
c_thousandneedles_name=Binlerce Diken
c_throwbolas_name=Bolas Fırlat ***
c_titanfall_name=Titan Darbesi
c_tormentofthorns_name=Dikenlerin Azabı
c_transfusion_name=Kan Nakli
c_warpaint_name=Savaş Boyaması
c_whirlwind_name=Kasırga
c_wreckingball_name=Yıkıcı Top
///////////////// TRANSLATION
c_acidrain_name=Asit Yağmuru
c_acrobaticstrikem_name=Akrobatik Saldırı
c_baptismm_name=Vaftiz
c_blizzardm_name=Buz Fırtınası
c_blizzardmm_name=Buz Fırtınası
c_bloodforbloodm_name=Kana Kan
c_bulwark_name=Destek
c_bunnyhopping_name=Tavşan Zıplaması
c_bunnyhoppingm_name=Tavşan Zıplaması
c_camouflagem_name=Kamuflaj
c_chainhealm_name=Zincirleme Şifa
c_coldweapons_name=Soğuk Silahlar 
c_crystallization_name=Kristalleşme
c_cursedwater_name=Lanetli Su
c_defrostarcher_name=Okçunun Buzdan Çözülmesi
c_defrostarcherm_name=Okçunun Buzdan Çözülmesi
c_defrostswordman_name=Kılıççının Buzdan Çözülmesi
c_defrostswordmanm_name=Kılıççının Buzdan Çözülmesi
c_downpour_name=Sağanak Yağış
c_dragonbite_name=Ejderha Isırığı
c_dragonroar_name=Ejderha Kükreyişi
c_dragonscales_name=Ejderha Pulu
c_fanoficicles_name=Buz Saçağı 
c_fishplosion_name=Fishplosion 
c_flankingstrikem_name=Yandan Saldırı
c_flashfreezem_name=Ani Donma
c_flashfreezemm_name=Ani Donma
c_fluffy_name=Kabarma
c_freezingslash_name=Dondurucu Kesik
c_frenziedcarnage_name=Çılgın Katliam
c_frostaxes_name=Buz Baltaları
c_frostbreath_name=Ayaz Nefesi
c_frostbreathm_name=Ayaz Nefesi
c_frostnovam_name=Frost Nova
c_frostvolley_name=Dondurucu Atışlar
c_frozenbash_name=Dondurucu Çarpış
c_frozenpufferfish_name=Donmuş Balon Balığı
c_frozentomahawk_name=Donmuş Savaş Baltaları
c_givefish_name=Balık Ver
c_hailstorm_name=Dolu Fırtınası
c_healingrainm_name=Şifalı Yağmur
c_icebarrierm_name=Buz Bariyeri
c_iceclaws_name=Buz Pençeleri
c_icefall_name=Buz Düşüşü
c_icefallh_name=Buz Düşüşü
c_iceprison_name=Buzdan Hücre
c_iceshotm_name=Buz Atışı
c_iciclelauncher_name=Buz Sarkıtı Atışı
c_iciclelaunchereasy_name=Buz Sarkıtı Atışı
c_icyheadbutt_name=Buzlu Kafa Vuruşu
c_impalem_name=Delip Geç
c_impalingrootm_name=Kanatan Kökler
c_killerbite_name=Katil Isırığı
c_magicdevour_name=Sihirli Yutuş
c_massdilute_name=Toplu Seyreltme
c_molebuster_name=Köstebek Avcısı
c_mysticalice_name=Mistik Buz
c_overbearingroar_name=Gaddar Kükreme
c_owlblessingm_name=Baykuş Kutsaması
c_owlscreech_name=Baykuş Çığlığı
c_palisade_name=Siper Kazığı
c_parrym_name=Savuştur
c_patience_name=Sabır
c_perniciousclaw_name=Hastalıklı Pençe
c_rabidbite_name=Kuduz Isırığı
c_rapidmultiplication_name=Hızlı Çoğalma
c_rapidmultiplicationm_name=Hızlı Çoğalma
c_rayoffrostm_name=Buz Işını
c_regrowhead_name=Tekrar Büyüyen Baş
c_revealingstrike_name=Açığa Çıkaran Vuruş
c_sentryalarm_name=Sentry Alarm // ***
c_shatterm_name=Parçala
c_shieldslammm_name=Kalkan Darbesi
c_snatchingclaw_name=Kapkaç Pençesi
c_soothingwaters_name=Yatıştırıcı Sular
c_spectralscales_name=Spektral Pullar
c_staringcontest_name=Derin Bakış
c_threaten_name=Tehdit Et
c_tomahawk_name=Savaş Baltaları
c_typhoonm_name=Tayfun
c_unstablecore_name=Dengesiz Çekirdek
c_winteriscomingm_name=Yaklaşan Kış
c_winterorbm_name=Kış Küresi
c_albatrosspendant_name=Albatros kolyesi
c_brasslantern_name=Bronz Fener
c_coldrune_name=Soğuk Rün
c_crescentmoon_name=Hilal Ay
c_darkflamering_name=Karanlık Alev Yüzüğü
c_dracomancerstaff_name=Dracomancer Staff
c_elvencuirass_name=Elf Zırhı
c_faeborgscale_name=Faeborg Pulları
c_freezingink_name=Dondurucu Mürekkep
c_frostaxe_name=Buz Baltası
c_frozenarrows_name=Donmuş Oklar
c_frozentear_name=Donuk Gözyaşı
c_icebreaker_name=Buzkıran
c_iceorb_name=Buz Küresi
c_lightningrune_name=Yıldırım Rünü
c_paladingauntlets_name=Paladin Eldivenleri
c_mirrorofkalandra_name=Kassandra'nın Aynası
c_commandandconquer_name=Yönet Ve Fethet
c_cursemancy_name=Cursemancy
c_deathsembrace_name=Ölümün Kucaklayışı
c_defensivestrategy_name=Defansif Strateji
c_downpouritem_name=Sağanak Yağış
c_hurryupitem_name=Acele et
c_iciclelauncheritem_name=Buz Sarkıtı Atışı
c_palisadeitem_name=Siper Kazığı
c_soulharvest_name=Ruh Hasadı
c_stampede_name=Ezergeçer
c_standardbearer_name=Bayrak Taşıyıcı
c_standardbearerstart_name=Bayrak Taşıyıcı
c_unforgivingnature_name=Acımasız Doğa
c_amplifyingfield_name=Amplifying Field
c_blessedsteel_name=Kutsanmış Çelik
c_coldlaser_name=Soğuk Lazer
c_dampenmagic_name=Sönümleme Büyüsü
c_dampingfield_name=Sönümleyici Alan
c_firelaser_name=Ateş Lazeri
c_holycleave_name=Kutsal Yarma
c_luminousbarrier_name=Aydınlık Bariyer
c_obscurebarrier_name=Karanlık Bariyer
c_shadowcleave_name=Gölge Yarığı
c_unwavering_name=Tereddütsüz
c_candy_name=Şeker
c_treat_name=Şeker 
c_trick_name=Şaka
c_deathgrip_name=Ölüm Kavrayışı
c_spookynight_name=Ürkütücü Gece
c_sugarrush_name=Şekere Hücum
c_trickortreat_name=Şeker mi Şaka mı
////////////////////////////////////////////
c_spikedball_name=Dikenli Top
c_chaoticwind_name=Kaotik Rüzgar
c_livingforest_name=Yaşayan Orman
c_starrynight_name=Yıldızlı Gece
c_rosegarden_name=Gül Bahçesi
c_bomblottery_name=Bomba Kurası
c_heavenlyarmaments_name=İlahi Silahlanma
c_ashysky_name=Küllü Gökyüzü
c_snowfall_name=Kar Yağışı
c_coldhands_name=Soğuk Eller
c_meatfeast_name=Et Ziyafetş
c_premiummeat_name=Kaliteli Et
c_premiummeato_name=Kaliteli Et
c_meat_name=Et
c_meato_name=Et
c_spoiledmeat_name=Bozulmuş Et
c_spoiledmeato_name=Bozulmuş Et
c_gourmetmeat_name=Gurme Et
c_bloodsausage_name=Kanlı Sosis
c_rob_name=Çal
c_freshmeatstart_name=Taze et!
c_freshmeatyogger_name=Taze et!
c_meatbag_name=Meat Bag
c_pillage_name=Yağma
c_sausagefactory_name=Sosis Fabrikası
c_feedtherich_name=Zengini Besle
c_givetothepoor_name=Fakire ver
c_curseofelementsm_name=Elementlerin Laneti
c_darkgag_name=Karanlık Fıkra
c_demandobedience_name=Demand Obedience ***
c_dreadfulwave_name=Dehşet Dalgası
c_icyblow_name=Buzlu Darbe
c_intimidatem_name=Gözdağı
c_plumbing_name=Sıhhi Tesisat
c_puncturem_name=Delik Deşik
c_ringsofpower_name=Güç Yüzükleri
c_royalram_name=Kraliyet Koçu
c_shadowmendm_name=Gölge Şifası
c_shadowstepm_name=Gölge Adım
c_skewering_name=Şişle
c_slaverats_name=Köle Sıçanlar
c_spreadcorruption_name=Yayılan Yozlaşma
c_steamroller_name=Buharlı Silindir
c_forestallies_name=Orman Müttefikleri
c_forestallya_name=Orman Müttefiki
c_forestallyb_name=Orman Müttefiki
c_forestallyc_name=Orman Müttefiki
c_lavabursts_name=Lav Patlamaları
c_coldfront_name=Soğuk Cephe
c_colorfulpuddle_name=Renkli Balçıklar
c_lonelyblob_name=Yalnız Balçık
c_bloodpuddle_name=Kanlı Balçıklar
c_bloodblob_name=Kan Balçığı
c_bloodblobpet_name=rptd_c_bloodblob_name
c_bloodsplash_name=Kan Püskürtmesi
c_bloodsplashpet_name=rptd_c_bloodsplash_name
c_toxicpuddle_name=Zehir Balçıkları
c_toxicblob_name=Zehirli Balçık
c_toxicblobpet_name=rptd_c_toxicblob_name
c_toxicsplash_name=Zehir Püskürtmesi
c_toxicsplashpet_name=rptd_c_toxicsplash_name
c_darkpuddle_name=Karanlık Balçıkları
c_darkblob_name=Karanlık Balçığı
c_darkblobpet_name=rptd_c_darkblob_name
c_darksplash_name=Karanlık Püskürtmesi
c_darksplashpet_name=rptd_c_darksplash_name
c_electricpuddle_name=Elektirik Balçıkları
c_electricblob_name=Elektirik Balçığı
c_electricblobpet_name=rptd_c_electricblob_name
c_electricsplash_name=Elektrik Akımı
c_electricsplashpet_name=rptd_c_electricsplash_name
c_holypuddle_name=Kutsal Balçıklar
c_holyblob_name=Kutsal Balçık
c_holyblobpet_name=rptd_c_holyblob_name
c_holysplash_name=Kutsal Püskürtme
c_holysplashpet_name=rptd_c_holysplash_name
c_icypuddle_name=Buz Balçıkları
c_icyblob_name=Buz Balçığı 
c_icyblobpet_name=rptd_c_icyblob_name
c_icysplash_name=Buz Püskürtmesi
c_icysplashpet_name=rptd_c_icysplash_name
c_lavapuddle_name=Lav Balçıkları
c_lavablob_name=Lav Balçığı
c_lavablobpet_name=rptd_c_lavablob_name
c_lavasplash_name=Lav Püskürtmesi
c_lavasplashpet_name=rptd_c_lavasplash_name
c_metalpuddle_name=Metal Balçıklar
c_metalblob_name=Metal Balçığı
c_metalblobpet_name=rptd_c_metalblob_name
c_metalsplash_name=Metalden Darbe
c_metalsplashpet_name=rptd_c_metalsplash_name
c_chaospuddle_name=Kaos Balçıkları
c_chaosblob_name=Kaos Balçığı
c_chaosblobpet_name=rptd_c_chaosblob_name
c_chaossplash_name=Kaos Püskürtmesi
c_chaossplashpet_name=rptd_c_chaossplash_name
c_waterpuddle_name=Su Balçıkları
c_waterblob_name=Su Balçığı
c_waterblobpet_name=rptd_c_waterblob_name
c_watersplash_name=Su Püskürtmesi
c_watersplashpet_name=rptd_c_watersplash_name
c_magmablob_name=Magma Balçığı
c_magmasplash_name=Magma Püskürtmesi
c_starfallpet_name=rptd_c_starfall_name
c_moonfirepet_name=rptd_c_moonfire_name
c_frenziedtermitespet_name=rptd_c_frenziedtermites_name
c_bake_name=Pişir
c_bakem_name=Pişir
c_burningcorem_name=rptd_c_burningcore_name
c_cannonshot_name=Gülle Atışı
c_crosshair_name=Nişangah
c_crosshairm_name=rptd_c_crosshair_name
c_drill_name=Delme
c_dwarffortress_name=Cüce Hisarı
c_fireclaw_name=Ateş Pençesi
c_heattransferm_name=rptd_c_heattransfer_name
c_meltingflame_name=Eriyen Alev
c_missilebarrage_name=Füze Yaylım Ateşi
c_piercingstrikef_name=rptd_c_piercingstrike_name
c_pointblankblast_name=Point Blank Blast ***
c_reactivelaserdt_name=rptd_c_reactivelaser_name
c_reactivelaserdto_name=rptd_c_reactivelaser_name
c_scorchingflame_name=Kavurucu Alev
c_settarget_name=Hedef Belirle
c_tacticalnuke_name=Taktiksel Nükleer
c_volatilecore_name=Değişken Çekirdek
c_obsidianring_name=Obsidyen Yüzük
c_obsidianrod_name=Obsidiyen Asa
c_osmiumfeet_name=Osmiyum Ayaklar
c_theanvil_name=Örs
c_goldcard_name=Altın
c_shardscard_name=Kristaller
c_goldyshardscard_name=Altın ve Kristaller
c_goldyshardscardb_name=Altın ve Kristaller
c_improvedlaser_name=Geliştirilmiş Lazer
c_burntcarp_name=Yanmış Sazan 
c_furiouscarp_name=Öfkeli Sazan
c_thorimsrod_name=Thorim'in Asası
c_neverfrost_name=Asla Donma
c_frozencrown_name=Donmuş Taç
c_bronzegear_name=Bronz Dişli
c_beermug_name=Bira Kupası
c_bloodgoblet_name=Kan Kadehi
c_coldbonegoblet_name=Soğuk Kemik Kadehi
c_wolfy_name=Kurt ***
c_astralhowl_name=Astral Uluma
c_astralhowlback_name=Astral Uluma
c_astralhowlo_name=Astral Uluma
c_astralhowlpet_name=Astral Uluma
c_astralwolf_name=Astral Kurt
c_astralwolfo_name=Astral Kurt
c_beartrap_name=Ayı Kapanı
c_bigsnowball_name=Büyük Kartopu
c_bite_name=Isırık
c_chainsaw_name=Testere
c_electricsaw_name=Elektrikli Testere
c_frostrune_name=Buz Rünü
c_frostrunem_name=Buz Rünü
c_hound_name=Tazı
c_howlhound_name=Uluma
c_howlwolf_name=Uluma
c_howlpet_name=Uluma
c_packleader_name=Sürü Lideri
c_scorchingheat_name=Kavurucu Sıcaklık
c_throwspear_name=Mızrak Fırlat
c_thunderrune_name=Şimşek Rünü
c_wildroar_name=Vahşi Kükreme
c_wildroarm_name=Vahşi Kükreme
c_barbedwirem_name=Dikenli Teller
c_bulletshotm_name=Mermi Atışı
c_chainlightningmg_name=Zincirleme Yıldırım
c_concussiveshot_name=Sarsıcı Vuruş
c_crashlightningh_name=Çarpıcı Yıldırım
c_frostboltm_name=Frostbolt ***
c_healingtotemh_name=Şifa Totemi
c_icelancem_name=Buzdan Mızrak
c_maneuverh_name=Manevra
c_multishotm_name=Çoklu Atış
c_pommelm_name=Topuz
c_quickshotm_name=Hızlı Atış
c_rupturem_name=Kopuş
c_scattershotm_name=Dağınık Atış
c_slicem_name=Kes-Dilimle
c_spikedballm_name=Dikenli Top
c_standardbearerm_name=Bayrak Taşıyıcı
c_takingaimm_name=Nişan Al
c_unforgivingnaturem_name=Acımasız Doğa
c_wildhuntm_name=Yaban Avı
c_zapm_name=Zap
c_sapphireamulet_name=Safir Tılsım
c_frozenheirloom_name=Dondurulmuş Yadigâr
c_gorge_name=Gorge
////////////////////////////////////// new Ulminin DLC /////////////////
c_butcherblock_name=Kesme Tahtası
c_shieldstance_name=Kalkanlı Duruş
c_bloodrain_name=Kan Yağmuru
c_holyslash_name=Kutsal Kesis
c_divinestrike_name=İlahi Saldırı
c_darkblow_name=Karanlık Darbe
c_voidcrush_name=Hiçlik Ezilişi
c_perseverance_name=Sebat
c_curseoftorment_name=Azabın Laneti
c_tacticalthinking_name=Taktiksel Düşünme
c_absorption_name=Soğurtma
c_dejavu_name=Deja Vu
c_entomb_name=Defin
c_twilightswamp_name=Alacakaranlık Bataklığı
c_tremors_name=Sarsıntı
c_revealingflask_name=İfşa Edici Şişe
c_evanescence_name=Gözden Kaybol
c_omnipotence_name=Mutlak Kudret
c_omniscience_name=Mutlak İlim
c_necropotence_name=Ölülerin Gücü
c_redemption_name=Telafi
c_deathcoil_name=Ölüm Bobini
c_stormjavelin_name=Fırtına Cirit
c_darkconcoction_name=Karanlık Karışım
c_allin_name=Tümüyle Vuruş
c_divineguidance_name=İlahi Rehberlik
c_acidbreath_name=Asit Nefesi
c_acidspit_name=Asit Tükürüğü
c_anklebite_name=Bilek Isırığı
c_anklebiteitem_name=Bilek Isırığı
c_architectssoul_name=Mimar'ın Ruhu
c_ardentchampion_name=Hırslı Şampiyon
c_backbone_name=İrade Kemiği
c_backbonem_name=İrade Kemiği
c_bloodrainm_name=Kan Yağmuru
c_boneguard_name=Kemik Muhafızı
c_bowling_name=Bowling
c_castling_name=Rok
c_coldnova_name=Soğuk Nova
c_coldnovaally_name=Soğuk Nova
c_collectwaste_name=Atık Topla
c_crystallize_name=Kristalize
c_cursedbandages_name=Lanetli Bandajlar
c_curseoffragilitym_name=Kırılganlığın Laneti
c_curseofshadowsm_name=Gölgelerin Laneti
c_darkblight_name=Karanlık Bela
c_darknessfallsm_name=Karanlığın İnişi
c_darkomen_name=Kara Alamet
c_darkoutbreakm_name=Karanlık Salgın
c_darktorment_name=Karanlık Azap
c_desertwhirlwind_name=Çöl Kasırgası
c_deviantzealotry_name=Sapkın Bağnazlık
c_divinejustice_name=İlahi Adalet
c_divineordeal_name=İlahi Sınav
c_divinepardon_name=İlahi Af
c_divineshield_name=İlahi Kalkan
c_divinesmite_name=Çifte Kesiş
c_doubleslashm_name=Çifte Kesiş
c_dreadslash_name=Dehşet Kesik
c_dungtoss_name=Gübre Atışı
c_dustdevil_name=Kum Canavarı
c_escapecrystal_name=Uçtu Gitti
c_escapegold_name=Uçtu Gitti
c_escapejade_name=Uçtu Gitti
c_escapescourge_name=Uçtu Gitti
c_eternalrecall_name=Ebedi Çağrı
c_fearlessness_name=Korkusuzluk
c_fearlessnessally_name=Korkusuzluk
c_fervency_name=Şevk
c_fervencyally_name=Şevk
c_ferventprotection_name=Şevkli Koruma
c_forbiddenpower_name=Yasak Güç
c_gloom_name=Kasvet
c_graspheart_name=Kalbini Kavra
c_hammerofjustice_name=Adaletin Çekici
c_hardshell_name=Sert Kabuk
c_hitandrunm_name=Vur Kaç
c_holynovam_name=Kutsal Nova
c_holynovamally_name=Kutsal Nova
c_holyrush_name=Kutsal Hücum
c_holysmitemc_name=Kutsal Vuruş
c_immortal_name=Ölümsüz
c_impiousburst_name=Günahkar Patlama
c_irritatingbark_name=Rahatsız Edici Havlama
c_lichstouch_name=Lich'in Dokunuşu
c_marktarget_name=Hedefi İşaretle
c_obfuscate_name=Karartma
c_obscurestrike_name=Belirsiz Saldırı
c_plagueshotm_name=Veba Vuruşu
c_poisonousshotm_name=Zehirli Atış
c_raisefighter_name=Uyan ve Dövüş!
c_raisefighterm_name=Uyan ve Dövüş!
c_raisefighters_name=Benim İçin Uyanın!
c_raisefightersm_name=Benim İçin Uyanın!
c_raisemages_name=Büyücü Uyandırışı
c_raisemage_name=Büyücü Uyandırışı
c_raisepriests_name=Rahip Uyandırışı
c_raisepriest_name=Rahip Uyandırışı
c_raisewarlocks_name=Sihirbaz Uyandırışı
c_raisewarlock_name=Sihirbaz Uyandırışı
c_reaping_name=Biç
c_righteousfire_name=Erdemli Ateş
c_rigidstance_name=Sağlam Duruş
c_ruggedwrapping_name=Dayanıklı Sargı
c_sacredbeam_name=Kutsal Işın
c_sacredblow_name=Kutsal Darbe ***
c_sacredboltm_name=Kutsal Yıldırım
c_sacredlightningm_name=Kutsal Şimşek
c_sandstorm_name=Kum Fırtınası
c_sandtornado_name=Kum Hortumu
c_scourgebarrier_name=Felaket Bariyeri
c_scourgeblast_name=Felaket Patlaması
c_shadowboltm_name=Gölge Patlaması
c_shadownova_name=Gölge Nova
c_shadownovaally_name=Gölge Nova
c_sharpenmw_name=Keskinleştir
c_smokebombmm_name=Sis Bombası
c_steal_name=Hırsızlık
c_tabularasabas_name=Tabula Rasa
c_torment_name=Azap
c_toxicvolley_name=Toxic Volley
c_tremor_name=Titreme
c_vitalizem_name=Yaşat
c_warriormemory_name=Savaşçı Hafızası
c_zealbarrier_name=Heves Bariyeri
c_zealousprayer_name=Hevesli Dua
c_prismaticfieldmally_name=Prizmatik Alan
c_crumble_name=Ufalan ***
c_fenny_name=Fenny
c_cuby_name=Cuby
c_cubyd_name=Cuby
c_flashitem_name=Flaş
c_darkflashitem_name=Karanlık Flaş
c_holysmiteitem_name=Kutsal Vuruş
c_vengeance_name=intikamın Ganameti
c_vengeancestart_name=intikamın Ganameti
c_unholysmiteitem_name=Lanetli Vuruş
c_shatteringfists_name=Parçalayıcı Yumruklar
c_shadowimbuement_name=Gölge İmplantasyonu
c_defiledlegacy_name=Kirli Miras
c_undyingwill_name=Ölümsüz İrade
c_layonpaws_name=Patilerin Altında Dur ***
c_layonpawsstart_name=Patilerin Altında Dur
c_purrification_name=Pürifikasyon
c_excaliburn_name=Ekstra Yakıcı
c_heavenlyprotection_name=Semavi Koruma
c_heavenlyjustice_name=Semavi Adaleti
c_consecrationesp_name=Tahsis
c_purgethewicked_name=Günahkarları Arındır
c_alarmbell_name=Alarm Çanı
c_architectsring_name=Mimarın Yüzüğü
c_ballofwool_name=Yün Topu
c_blackpyramid_name=Kara Piramit
c_bookofthedead_name=Ölülerin Kitabı
c_broccoli_name=Brokoli
c_burialmask_name=Defin Maskesi
c_carrot_name=Havuç
c_chaliceofqueens_name=Kraliçelerin Kadehi
c_corruptedplate_name=Yozlaşmış Zırh
c_crimsonraiment_name=Kızıl Kıyafet
c_durandal_name=Durandal
c_energyshield_name=Enerji Kalkanı
c_fistofthedamned_name=Lanetlilerin Yumrukları
c_gildedplate_name=İşlemeli Zırh
c_holyrune_name=Kutsal Rün
c_lunaring_name=Ay Yüzüğü
c_megaphone_name=Megafon
c_mixedsalad_name=Çoban Salatası
c_necromancerrobe_name=Ölü Çağıran Cübbesi
c_penitencering_name=Tövbe Yüzüğü
c_sacredaxe_name=Kutsal Balta
c_scarabshield_name=Scarab Kalkanı
c_shadowrune_name=Gölge Rünü
c_solring_name=Sol Yüzük
c_suppressionhelmet_name=Süpresyon Kaskı
c_thejuggernaut_name=Çelik Yürek
c_tomato_name=Domates
c_topazring_name=Topaz Yüzük
c_turban_name=Sarık
c_undeathichor_name=Ölümsüzlük Özütü
c_unholyhammer_name=Lanetli Çekiç
c_desertjam_name=Çöl Reçeli
c_tesseract_name=Tesseract
c_lavapotion_name=Lav İksiri
c_lostmail_name=Kayıp Mektup
c_uselessletter_name=İşe Yaramaz Mektup
c_freelover_name=Çapkınlık Pelerini
c_serenityring_name=Huzur Yüzüğü
c_blackdeck_name=Kara Deste
c_cursedcard_name=Lanetli Kart